# BEFORE YOU CHANGE ICONS

!!IMPORTANT

The icons package has a custom build process, as it generates its both stripped
svgs and glyphs that are committed to the repo, so that they can be accessed as
paths when published.

You will manually need to run `yarn build:icon` from the root repository, or
`yarn build` from inside the icon folder whenever you make changes to icon.

# Icon

This package contains the Atlaskit icons. All icons should be consumed
separately unless your build tool supports tree shaking.

> This packages is licensed under the Atlassian Design Guidelines - please check
> the LICENSE file for more information.

## Installation

```sh
npm install @atlaskit/icon
```

## Using the component

### HTML

The `@atlaskit/icon` package exports the Icon React components.

Import the component in your React app as follows:

#### bundle.js

```js
import AkIconHome from '@atlaskit/icon/glyph/home';
ReactDOM.render(<AkIconHome />, container);
```

## Controlling the icon color

You can control the icon color via CSS:

```html
<span style={{color: 'red'}}>
  <AkIconHome />
</span>
```

## Use the bundle (all icons)

This package provides all icons bundled in one export but unless your build tool
supports tree shaking, you should import only a single icon instead of the
bundled version.

### bundle.js

```js
import * as icons from '@atlaskit/icon';
const { BitbucketLogo } = icons;

ReactDOM.render(<BitbucketLogo />, container);
```

Importing a single icon (this will still bundle **all** of the icons in your
final bundle if you don't use tree shaking):

```js
import BitbucketLogo from '@atlaskit/icon';

ReactDOM.render(<BitbucketLogo />, container);
```

### Adding new icons

Adding new icons is as simple as checking out the Atlaskit repo, adding your SVG
file to `/packages/core/icon/utils/raw_svgs` and running `yarn update` from
within the `packages/core/icon` directory.

**NOTE:** The `reduced-ui-pack` package should contain all the icons we include
in this package. Make sure to rebuild the `reduced-ui-pack` sprite as outlined in
the README.md file included within that package.

Some things to look for:

* If your icon is used only in a specific context or product, place it in
  `/icon/src/icons/subfolder` and it will be namespaced appropriately.
* Check that the icon appears in the `All icons` story. Look for any clipping or
  sizing issues here.
* Check the `All icons (usage)` story to make sure the naming has worked as
  expected (paths/namespacing makes sense, etc).
* Check the `Icons with broken fills (solid parts)` story to make sure that no
  parts of your svg have hardcoded colors.
  * If any parts of your icon appear to be dark, check the svg file for
    instances of `fill="XXXXX"` and replace them with `fill="currentColor"`.
* Check the `Icons that are too big (red parts)` story to show any parts of the
  icon that fall outside the 24x24 size that icons should fill.
* Make sure you update the test in `icon/test/indexSpec.jsx` to include your
  icon.
* Make sure you use the appropriate commit message when adding or modifying
  icons
  * changing an icon is a patch
  * adding an icon is a feature
  * removing an icon is breaking change
  * renaming an icon is a breaking change

[//]: # "EVERYTHING BELOW THIS COMMENT WAS GENERATED BY JSDOC AND NEEDS TO BE MOVED INTO A STORYBOOK"
[//]: # "DO NOT CHANGE THIS FILE HERE - CREATE THE STORYBOOK!"

## Classes

<dl>
<dt><a href="#Icon">Icon</a></dt>
<dd></dd>
</dl>

<a name="Icon"></a>

## Icon

**Kind**: global class

* Properties

  * [icon.label](#Icon+label) : <code>string</code>
  * [icon.size](#Icon+size) : <code>[size](#size)</code>
  * [icon.onClick](#Icon+onClick) : <code>function</code>

<a name="new_Icon_new"></a>

### new Icon()

Icon interface. All icons follow this structure.

<a name="Icon+label"></a>

### icon.label :

<code>string

</code>

(Required) The icon label This is a required attribute. Omitting it will make
the icon inaccessible for screen readers, etc.. The text passed will be
sanitized, e.g. passed HTML will be represented as plain text.

**Kind**: instance property of <code>[Icon](#Icon)</code>
<a name="Icon+size"></a>

### icon.size :

<code>[size](#size)

</code>

(Optional) An icon size.

Defaults to an empty string (which means it uses the default size).

**Kind**: instance property of <code>[Icon](#Icon)</code> **Default**:
<code>small</code> <a name="Icon+onClick"></a>

### icon.onClick :

<code>function

</code>

(Optional) A handler to execute when the icon is clicked.

Defaults to a noop.

**Kind**: instance property of <code>[Icon](#Icon)</code> <a name="size"></a>

## size :

<code>enum

</code>

Icon size values.

**Kind**: global enum **Properties**

| Name   | Type                | Default                         | Description |
| ------ | ------------------- | ------------------------------- | ----------- |
| small  | <code>string</code> | <code>&quot;small&quot;</code>  | small icon  |
| medium | <code>string</code> | <code>&quot;medium&quot;</code> | medium icon |
| large  | <code>string</code> | <code>&quot;large&quot;</code>  | large icon  |
| xlarge | <code>string</code> | <code>&quot;xlarge&quot;</code> | xlarge icon |
